Milestones for final project
Dhwani Patel

Git repository: git@github.com:emilyvo3/final-project.git

Rubric (worked collaboratively on)

+4 Code well formatted, includes comments
+8 Uses a data structure and/or sorting algorithm learnt in COSC-302
+10 Code compiles and works as intended
+8 Descriptive time log from both the partners, stating what was done on an individual level
+10 Final in-class presentation and a working demonstration of the project

Time log:
~1 hour: Brainstorming ideas on how to properly execute the final project.
~1 hour: Planning how we want the project to rule out.
~1.5 hours: Researching about how app building/ web-browser building works
~1.5 hour: Making a rough code in C++ which stores the input about tutors (Which was originally stored in an Excel file)
        Data from excel file was converted to txt and then stored in maps. (Tried to make it fully work but with the midterms
		and the superball project, time fell short)


-We are planning on learning Python over spring break which will help us build a database server. We didn't get much time to 
prepare a proper working code since it's just the two of us in the group and both of us had back to back midterms in the past two
weeks. We still need to learn a lot of things before actually being able to start with the project.

-We are thinking of modifying the idea from making an app to making a web-browser since neither of us have previous coding 
experience in Android Studio, and it will be extremely time consuming to be learning all that during the semester. We are
concerned that we might not be able to finish the project in time. We are planning to talk to Dr. Emrich about this during the 
upcoming week.

-Currently, I have tried to convert the Excel file which holds the Tutoring Schedule for this semester
 (provided by the Academic Success Center on myUTK) to a txt file called tutor.txt . The format of this file is very complicated to be able to save it to maps. 

- I worked on a sample input code named 'tutor.cpp' which asks the user for input to store which courses they offer.
Our actual plan is to convert the excel file from the Academic Sucess Center to txt and then store that data in maps. This code doesn't full work right now but we have to write a similar code in Python and not C++. Both of us submitted code for Challenge #4
in C++ as neither of us know Python and intend to learn it over spring break.

